(A) : Andi
(G) : Gilles

coreplugin
  \---autocorrection        ImageDlgBase        A
  \---bcg                   ImageDlgBase        A
  \---bwsepia               ImageDlgBase        A
  \---hsl                   ImageDlgBase        A
  \---iccproof              ImageDlgBase
  \---ratiocrop             ImageDlgBase
  \---redeye                ImageDlgBase
  \---rgbtool               ImageDlgBase        A
adjustcurves                ImageDlgBase
adjustlevels                ImageDlgBase
channelmixer                ImageDlgBase
colorfx                     ImageDlgBase
inserttext                  ImageDlgBase
perspective                 ImageDlgBase
whitebalance                ImageDlgBase
superimpose                 ImageDlgBase

antivignetting              ImageGuideDlg
border                      ImageGuideDlg
distortionfx                ImageGuideDlg
freerotation                ImageGuideDlg
inpainting                  ImageGuideDlg
lensdistortion              ImageGuideDlg
raindrop                    ImageGuideDlg
sheartool                   ImageGuideDlg

coreplugin
  \---sharpnesseditor       CtrlPanelDlg
  \---blur                  CtrlPanelDlg
charcoal                    CtrlPanelDlg
blurfx                      CtrlPanelDlg
emboss                      CtrlPanelDlg
filmgrain                   CtrlPanelDlg
hotpixels                   CtrlPanelDlg
infrared                    CtrlPanelDlg
noisereduction              CtrlPanelDlg
oilpaint                    CtrlPanelDlg
restoration                 CtrlPanelDlg
texture                     CtrlPanelDlg
